Update sql-server-to-sql-on-azure-vm-migration-overview.md (#8386)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/migration-guides/virtual-machines/sql-server-to-sql-on-azure-vm-migration-overview.md

- Database Mail
- Replication

> For a complete list of metadata and server objects that you need to move, refer to the detailed information available in [Manage Metadata When Making a Database Available on Another Server](../../relational-databases/databases/manage-metadata-when-making-a-database-available-on-another-server.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of metadata and server objects that you need to move, refer to the detailed information available in [Manage Metadata When Making a Database Available on Another Server](/sql/relational-databases/databases/manage-metadata-when-making-a-database-available-on-another-server).
```

> For a complete list of metadata and server objects that you need to move, refer to the detailed information available in [Manage Metadata When Making a Database Available on Another Server](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/databases/manage-metadata-when-making-a-database-available-on-another-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of metadata and server objects that you need to move, refer to the detailed information available in [Manage Metadata When Making a Database Available on Another Server](../../relational-databases/databases/manage-metadata-when-making-a-database-available-on-another-server.md).
```
